When you have the realization of the mind as a living Buddha, your mind becomes as a really true
Buddha, if you have realization in the teachings, don't stop, don't stop the contracting to the
teacher, don't give up the teachers.
Even all phenomena are, you realize that all phenomena are mind, truly when you realize that nature
, but even should not mix up karma and lower karmas, very careful, every activity, every activity.
And even you become the embodiment of your sorrows, embodiment of three kayas, or bullas, kayas,
but also should not give up the honor and the Buddha dharma sorrows.
So even you have to realize that, that's what all these great masters, when they got realization in
such a really big, but still they're so humble, so simple, don't to the earth.
This is one of the guys, nothing acting like something big, anything, he's really so don't to the
earth.
Even you have the realization of it, you see everything so clearly, the omniscient, all the clear
voices, all these things.
And don't have the arrogance, don't fill up some spirituals, keep yet calm and peaceful.
Those are the mermaids, somebody teaching that he taught, he taught the teachings.
So always, the karmas have to be very thoughtful, and they have to generally, externally, for
example, in post meditation karmas, there's karmas with careful mindfulness, and karmas with them,
karmas.
Yeah, I think we just will talk conduct of the mindfulness, so always be mindful, always thoughtful
.
I know in the teaching said, even you have the highest realization, biggest realization, but
conduct level came, should be very simple, in a detail, and thoughtful, very powerful, very
practical.
That is for example, Buddha Shakyamuni, great teacher, is Buddha, but in externals, when we read
the books and the teachings, so thoughtful, so practical, and so sensible, so cooperative, and so
appealing, and acceptance, not saying I'm Buddha or this and that.
So accepted, even Buddha gave the teachings and not be kind of talking all the time, he'd make
dialogues.
And I always said, oh, some student, Charlie Potter, or Mongol Potter, or Maha Subhuti, say, and
the real Buddha said something like that, and she said that this, the students, or great teacher, I
don't know that way.
Then Buddha answered, oh yeah, that's true. This is not right, this is. He opened the dialogues. It
's not ordering. Ordering. Buddha is so humble, simple.
And that's really the example. Gentle, peaceful, cooperative, local, that's a BS, regular, average
person. But the insight, realization, is then vastness. Love is vastness, compassion is vastness,
wisdom is vastness.
That's what we really need. And so that, thoughtful, mindfulness, alertness, all those are
important.
And respect the old teachings of Buddha, Buddha by Maha Subhuti, following their footsteps, and the
benefit of all the beings according, our cover, your cover-billing, and cover-billing, or reading
as well as others.
Those all conduct and keep the practices. And also keep the practice as government. We met as
government. They keep, keep.
And many times, many asanga members, many times, I will never let you down. It's a wonderful
statement. Really, that's what we should do.
Never let down Buddha. Never let down Dharma. And never let down Sanghas. Keep in the heart. And
never let down our bodhicam.
That is really, then, wonderful. Really, that is awesome, actually. But we're going to act as also
humble, simple.
That is truly, really, according to the teaching of the Buddha and these great Masters. So I will
stop here for a minute.
[silence]